ighlights

Photo credit: 
The Changing Online Language of Hearts
How to show a heart — the universal symbol of love — has shifted on the internet over the years, driven by new technology.
By Sheera Frenkel

Photo credit: Susan Walsh/Associated Press
Republican F.T.C. Commissioner Says She Plans to Resign
Christine Wilson, the sole Republican commissioner at the F.T.C., criticized Lina Khan, the Democratic chair of the agency, accusing her of an “abuse of power.”
By Cecilia Kang

Photo credit: Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call, via Getty Images
Combating Disinformation Wanes at Social Media Giants
As the companies have shed jobs recently, many teams assigned to combat false and misleading information have taken a hit.
By Steven Lee Myers and Nico Grant

Photo credit: Lam Yik Fei for The New York Times
The Toll That Twitter’s Glitches Are Taking on Chinese Activists
As the Elon Musk-owned social media service encounters interruptions and bugs, Chinese dissidents and activists said they feared they were being muzzled.
By Chang Che and Paul Mozur
Advertisement
Continue reading the main story
Personal Technology
More in Personal Technology ›

Photo credit: Google
How to Prepare for a Lost, Stolen or Broken Smartphone
You may never have to deal with a missing device, but planning ahead with a few simple steps can make it easier if disaster strikes.
By J. D. Biersdorfer

Photo credit: Derek Abella
Todos quieren tu correo electrónico. Piénsalo bien antes de dar tu dirección
Cada vez hay más sitios web y aplicaciones que piden este dato para acceder a ellos. Así pueden rastrear tu actividad y perfilar tus intereses. Te explicamos cómo evitar dejar un rastro de migajas digitales.
By Brian X. Chen

Photo credit: Derek Abella
A.I. Bots Can’t Report This Column. But They Can Improve It.
ChatGPT isn’t the only writing assistant that has emerged to replace editors. We tested it alongside two others to assess their strengths and weaknesses.
By Brian X. Chen

Photo credit: Derek Abella
Everyone Wants Your Email Address. Think Twice Before Sharing It.
Your email address has become a digital bread crumb for companies to link your activity across sites. Here’s how you can limit this.
By Brian X. Chen

Photo credit: Apple
A Guide to Editing s on Your Phone
Are you wondering what all those sliders and buttons on photo-editing apps actually do? Here’s a cheat sheet.
By J. D. Biersdorfer
